chore(docs): Rework CI docs (#31988)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/best-practices-js.md

Setup CI/CD and run your tests frequently. The more often you run your tests the better. Ideally you should run your tests on each commit and pull request. Playwright comes with a [GitHub actions workflow](/ci-intro.md) so that tests will run on CI for you with no setup required. Playwright can also be setup on the [CI environment](/ci.md) of your choice.

> Use Linux when running your tests on CI as it is cheaper. Developers can use whatever environment when running locally but use linux on CI. Set up [Sharding](./test-sharding.md) to make CI faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Linux when running your tests on CI as it is cheaper. Developers can use whatever environment when running locally but use linux on CI. Consider setting up [Sharding](./test-sharding.md) to make CI faster.
```
Not everybody needs sharding and for some projects it may be harmful.
